it.sineo.android.changelog.R$drawable: int donate
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$drawable: int ic_notification
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$drawable: int ic_refresh
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$drawable: int ic_sort_asc
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$drawable: int ic_sort_desc
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$drawable: int icon
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int about_faq_governors
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int about_faq_profiles
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int about_info_author
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int about_info_extra
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int about_info_homepage
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int about_info_questions
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int about_info_thanks
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int about_info_version
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int about_license
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int btn_apply
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int btn_exit
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int btn_refresh_stats
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int canvas
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int changelog_container
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int changelog_scrollview
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int ckb_apply_on_boot
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int donate_button
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int grp_stats_header
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int menu_details
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int menu_prefs
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int menu_refresh
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int menu_send_info
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int menu_view_stats
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int sp_governor
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int sp_ioscheduler
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int sp_max_freq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int sp_min_freq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_cur_governor
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_cur_ioscheduler
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_cur_max_freq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_cur_min_freq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_governor
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_ioscheduler
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_max_freq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_min_freq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_stats_current
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_stats_row_frequency
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_stats_row_perc
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int tv_stats_row_perc5
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int wdg_container
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$id: int wdg_stats_governor
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int about
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int about_faq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int about_info
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int about_license
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int changelog_change
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int changelog_release
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int changelog_view
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int main
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int stats
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int stats_row
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$layout: int widget
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$menu: int main
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$menu: int stats
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$raw: int license
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_faq_governors_A
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_faq_governors_Q
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_faq_profiles_A
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_faq_profiles_Q
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_info_author
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_info_donate
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_info_extra
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_info_homepage
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_info_questions
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_info_thanks
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int about_info_version
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int app_name
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int app_name_classic
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int apply
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int apply_on_boot
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int close
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int current
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int dlg_nofs_body
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int dlg_nofs_title
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int dlg_noroot_body
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int dlg_noroot_title
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int dlg_send_title
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int err_need_root
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int err_no_email_client
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int err_update_failed
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int exit
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int governor
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int ioscheduler
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int max_freq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int menu_details
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int menu_prefs
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int menu_refresh
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int menu_send
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int menu_view_stats
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int min_freq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int notify_nlj_safety_found
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int notify_safety_shutdown
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int notify_success
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int notify_title_safety
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int notify_title_success
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int ok_updated_freqs
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int paypal_donate_url
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_cat_notification
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_cat_stats
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_disable_safety_valve
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_disable_safety_valve_dialog_message
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_disable_safety_valve_summary_off
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_disable_safety_valve_summary_on
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_include_deep_sleep
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_include_deep_sleep_summary_off
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_include_deep_sleep_summary_on
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_ringtone
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_show_notification
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_show_notification_summary_off
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_show_notification_summary_on
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_vibrate
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_vibrate_pattern
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int prefs_vibrate_pattern_message
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int requested
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int send
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int show_notification
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int spinner_stats_text
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int stats_current
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int stats_current_unavailable
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int stats_deep_sleep
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int stats_frequency
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int stats_perc
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int stats_perc5
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int stats_title
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int tab_changelog
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int tab_faq
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int tab_info
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int tab_license
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int title
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int unavailable
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$string: int wdg_updating
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$style: int BaseSpinner
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$style: int BaseText
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$style: int BaseText_About
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$style: int BaseText_FAQ_A
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$style: int BaseText_FAQ_Q
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$style: int BaseText_Small
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$xml: int changelog
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$xml: int preferences
it.sineo.android.changelog.R$xml: int wdg_stats_provider
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.BootReceiver
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$drawable: int donate
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$drawable: int ic_notification
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$drawable: int ic_refresh
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$drawable: int ic_sort_asc
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$drawable: int ic_sort_desc
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$drawable: int icon
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int about_faq_governors
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int about_faq_profiles
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int about_info_author
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int about_info_extra
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int about_info_homepage
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int about_info_questions
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int about_info_thanks
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int about_info_version
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int about_license
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int btn_apply
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int btn_exit
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int btn_refresh_stats
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int canvas
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int changelog_container
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int changelog_scrollview
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int ckb_apply_on_boot
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int donate_button
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int grp_stats_header
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int menu_details
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int menu_prefs
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int menu_refresh
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int menu_send_info
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int menu_view_stats
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int sp_governor
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int sp_ioscheduler
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int sp_max_freq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int sp_min_freq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_cur_governor
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_cur_ioscheduler
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_cur_max_freq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_cur_min_freq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_governor
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_ioscheduler
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_max_freq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_min_freq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_stats_current
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_stats_row_frequency
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_stats_row_perc
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int tv_stats_row_perc5
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int wdg_container
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$id: int wdg_stats_governor
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int about
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int about_faq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int about_info
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int about_license
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int changelog_change
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int changelog_release
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int changelog_view
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int main
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int stats
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int stats_row
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$layout: int widget
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$menu: int main
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$menu: int stats
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$raw: int license
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_faq_governors_A
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_faq_governors_Q
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_faq_profiles_A
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_faq_profiles_Q
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_info_author
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_info_donate
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_info_extra
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_info_homepage
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_info_questions
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_info_thanks
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int about_info_version
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int app_name
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int app_name_classic
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int apply
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int apply_on_boot
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int close
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int current
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int dlg_nofs_body
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int dlg_nofs_title
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int dlg_noroot_body
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int dlg_noroot_title
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int dlg_send_title
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int err_need_root
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int err_no_email_client
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int err_update_failed
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int exit
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int governor
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int ioscheduler
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int max_freq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int menu_details
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int menu_prefs
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int menu_refresh
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int menu_send
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int menu_view_stats
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int min_freq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int notify_nlj_safety_found
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int notify_safety_shutdown
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int notify_success
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int notify_title_safety
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int notify_title_success
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int ok_updated_freqs
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int paypal_donate_url
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_cat_notification
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_cat_stats
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_disable_safety_valve
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_disable_safety_valve_dialog_message
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_disable_safety_valve_summary_off
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_disable_safety_valve_summary_on
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_include_deep_sleep
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_include_deep_sleep_summary_off
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_include_deep_sleep_summary_on
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_ringtone
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_show_notification
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_show_notification_summary_off
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_show_notification_summary_on
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_vibrate
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_vibrate_pattern
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int prefs_vibrate_pattern_message
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int requested
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int send
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int show_notification
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int spinner_stats_text
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int stats_current
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int stats_current_unavailable
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int stats_deep_sleep
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int stats_frequency
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int stats_perc
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int stats_perc5
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int stats_title
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int tab_changelog
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int tab_faq
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int tab_info
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int tab_license
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int title
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int unavailable
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$string: int wdg_updating
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$style: int BaseSpinner
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$style: int BaseText
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$style: int BaseText_About
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$style: int BaseText_FAQ_A
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$style: int BaseText_FAQ_Q
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$style: int BaseText_Small
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$xml: int changelog
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$xml: int preferences
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.R$xml: int wdg_stats_provider
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.activity.AboutActivity
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.activity.MainActivity
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.activity.PreferencesActivity
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.activity.StatsActivity
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.extra.Stats$SortMethod: it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.extra.Stats$SortMethod[] values()
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.extra.Stats$SortMethod: it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.extra.Stats$SortMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.service.BootService
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.service.ShutdownService
it.sineo.android.noFrillsCPUClassic.widget.StatsWidget
